Add guide how to create a custom asset - Closes #887 (#889)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/asset.adoc

This guide explains step-by-step, how to create a custom asset for a module of a blockchain application built with the Lisk SDK.

.Prerequisites
[NOTE]
====
To follow this guide, the following is assumed:

* a basic blockchain application is already initiated, like explained in the guide xref:{url_guides_setup}[].
* a custom module `MyModule` is created, like explained in the previous guide xref:{url_guides_module}[].
====

First, create a new file named after the new asset, for example `my-asset.js`.

----
├── blockchain_app
│   ├── index.js
│   ├── my-asset.js
│   ├── my-module.js
│   └── package.json
----

== Creating the asset class

Now open `my-asset.js` and import the `BaseAsset` from the `lisk-sdk` package:

[source,js]
----
const { BaseAsset } = require('lisk-sdk');
----

Next, define a new class `MyAsset`, which extends from the `BaseAsset`:

[source,js]
----
const { BaseAsset } = require('lisk-sdk');

class MyAsset extends BaseAsset {

}

module.exports = MyAsset;
----

== Setting name and ID of the module

Inside of the `MyAsset` class, define the different properties of the transaction asset:

`id`(number)::
The ID of the asset.
Must be unique within the module.

> The ID is used for example to for creation of transactions of the module.

Author: ```suggestion
The ID is used (combined with the module ID)  for example to create transaction objects.
```
